A: Good morning guys. Sharp 11 o' clock and we will start. As you know, you have been informed that today is group discussion. And the topic for group discussion is corporate communications. Yes. I have given you some notes and I told you to revise it. And I also told you all to refer to some online material on your own. So I'm sure that two people must have have read it. Yes. Now there are certain rules of this group discussion. Ground rules which everybody needs to follow at the outset. I request each one of you to switch on their cameras and. And be presentable. Yes. So just a request. Everybody switch on your camera. Just now we had a discussion in the other class, C division. And everybody was like switched on their camera and they participated. There is no wrong answer in today's group discussion. Yes. Only we are here to share your perspectives, our understandings, our experiences. Okay. So I request all to switch on their camera. Come on. Hello. I request all to switch on the camera. Yeah.
B: Okay.
A: Thank you Krina. Thank you Abhishek. Y' all look so presentable. All of you. Come on, switch on your camera. Don't feel shy. Find a comfortable place in your house where you find little disturbances. Because this will be a rocking group discussion and there is no wrong answer. Just trust me, there will be no wrong answer. And you will have every freedom to voice your opinion and share your perspectives. Nobody is going to put you down or feel bad about you. This is just the academic discussion that we are going to have. So I request all. Rishika. Rishika, Siddharth, Shruti, Siddhi, Rhea, Author. Everybody to switch on their cameras. Doesn't matter. Even you have less number of people will start with the group discussion. Okay. Yeah. Quickly, quickly, quickly, quickly. Like people are feeling very shy to switch on the cameras. Because for past one years you are only listening. Listening like an all India radio where you can't see people. You only hear voices. So I can understand. I can feel with you. And I understand that this is a lockdown time. And we are not in college. We are scattered to whichever places we are. I mean we are pigeonholed in our respective homes and we are situated there. So feel free. And this and such lectures are like really gives us a feel of our classroom. Where we can see each other, where we can contribute. So this is something very, very important. And this being your tye third year next year you will be part of industry. You will be pursuing higher studies. Some of you will be going abroad. Some of you may be pursuing their entrepreneurship with their family business, whatnot. So many things. Okay, so yeah. Okay. First, first of all, feel free. Yes, feel free.
C: Okay.
A: So good, Good. Shruti, Abhishek, thank you so much for switching on your cameras. Other people I request first please switch on your cameras and. And let us be as visible as possible. First of all, today's topic is corporate communications. I shared some notes with you. I'm sure you must have gone through it. Even if you have not gone, it's okay. You can keep your cell phone in front of you or you can keep that notes and you can share your perspectives. Okay, so how we are going to start? So first the discussion. We will discuss about corporate communication as to. We'll discuss the meaning as to what corporate communication is. So I request anybody now if you have a point to say or if you have something to say, you raise your hand. Now zoom allows you an option where you can raise your hand. Please raise your hand and I will tell that person to speak. So initially for next five or ten minutes we are going to speak about meaning of corporate communication. Exactly what this corporate communication stands for. So anybody raise your hand and just let me see who is the first person who takes the lead, who takes the initiation and starts the discussion. So my first question to the whole class is yeah, we are going to talk about corporate communication. So let us discuss about the meaning of corporate communication. Anybody, come on, raise your hand. Let me see who has raised his or her hat. Come on quickly. Okay, I think Abhishek. Abhishek. Abhishek is the first person. First of all let me clap for Abhishek. Krina is the second person. So I'm clapping for Abhishek. We'll. We'll ask Abhishek to share his perspective. Abhishek, what is corporate communication according to you? Share with the whole class.
C: So sir, corporate. Come sir, first of all, good morning and it is nice to see you like this in here. And sir, corporate communication is nothing but just formal communication among the employees or employees or the management. Management sort of thing.
A: Okay so. Okay, so Abhishek says corporate communication is communication with employees, with management. Okay. Anybody like anybody would like to build upon Abhishek what Abhishek said anybody would like to build upon that. Is corporate communication restricted only within the organization or it has a broader canvas. Come on. Yes, go ahead.
D: Corporate communication is actually both internally and externally.
A: Okay, just a second. You have to switch on your camera ma'. Am and then you have to speak. Can you switch on your camera please? Just a Request to you.
B: Hello.
A: Okay, so let me, let me give Kreena. Then I'm coming to Khushi Jain. Then I'll come to Raksha Gupta. So let me go to Kreena. Krina was the second person to raise her hand. Krina, can you build upon Abhishek's argument? Abhishek says that corporate communication is mostly communication that happens internally. So what is your view on this? Can you build on it?
E: Yes, of course. So hello everyone, I am Kreena Doria and as of today's topic, corporate communications, to start with I would like to first define what communication is According to Dictionary.com, the imparting or interchange of thoughts, opinions or information by speech, writing or sign. According to me my definition of communication is sharing our thoughts or any opinion or information we get by ourselves or other to other people. And one of the key aspect is to make the other person understand what that information thought process is. And corporate communication is communication that happens with within the firm as well as out communication that happens with the company, with the outside world. It is internal and external. As someone already mentioned and yeah okay Krina.
A: So Krina is saying no, corporate communication has one more dimension. It is internal as well as external. So she is giving the definition of corporate communication from stakeholders perspective. You know there are lot of stakeholders in the company. One are internal stakeholder and the second is external stakeholder. So when I say internal stakeholders these are people who are associated directly in the management of the company. So internal stakeholders constitutes employees, board of directors, subordinates, managers, shareholders, people who have, who have bought the shares of the company. Even they are the internal stakeholders. And when we talk about external stakeholders they are a bunch, lot of people, external, ambitious, slightly wider than the internal. So when I say external communication it includes media houses, it includes vendors, it includes governments, PR agencies, mass medias, editor, editors, then customers, potential customers, clients. So external communication has what you call as a more depth compared to internal communication. I'm not saying that internal is not important or external is more important. Both are equally important. But when you talk about corporate communication, corporate communication is communicating with all stakeholders whether they are internal or external. So thank you Abhishek. Thank you Kreena for highlighting these two stakeholders perspective of corporate communication. Let us go to Khushi Jain then I'm coming to Raksha Gupta. Others can raise their hand. If you have something to contribute. You can, you can switch on your cell phone, you can google it out, you can share your perspectives. I would be happy to entertain whatever perspectives that you are. You are sharing. So let us go to Khushi Jain. Khushi Jain, over to you. Yes, Khushi.
D: Good morning.
A: Can you switch on your camera? Camera is not working. That's the typical problem that we face. Come on, start question.
D: Yeah, so I was saying basically coming. Corporate communications take place internally as well as externally. Internally it actually helps to build a corporate culture. And externally external communication helps to build a public company's public image which is more important. I guess so.
E: Yeah.
A: Okay. So yeah, so Khushi is talking about that corporate community helps you to build the brand image, goodwill, corporate identity. So she is entering into the merits of corporate communication. Okay, let us go to Raksha Gupta. Others can raise your hand. Come on. Yes, Raksha, over to you.
F: Good morning, sir. Yeah. Communication is very important aspect in corporate world as well as in real world. Talking about corporate world, it helps to involve and involve the employees to work efficiently towards the company which helps to gain their profits and also motivate them to perform really well for the organization. And if there is a proper communication between the employer and the employee then the output which brings it will help to gain the customers their loyalties and also helps to create an image which will be very beneficial for a long run. If we had a proper longer term. And not only internally, it motivates the employee as well to work, work hard for the company. As if the. If the employee and the employers share their views, motivate each others they will come to know that what they are talking about and what they are doing for the company. So it is very much important for communication for a company.
A: Okay. I think there is some disturbance at Rakshas and maybe some bandwidth issue. So I think Khushi Jain and Raksha Gupta, they were talking about the merits of corporate communication. So initially we started with what corporate communication is and then we entered into the merits of corporate communication. So I want everybody to jot down quickly or tell us or tell the whole class as to what are the merits of corporate communication. Can you build upon. Upon what? Where Khushi and Raksha started. So what are the merits of corporate communication? Can you be anecdotal? Can you do some experiences? You must have known that or you must have. I'm sure that you must have read this news or seen some video on it. Where, when, when this Mumbai terror attacks. Post terror attacks when a lot of people were killed. So Ratan Tata came and. And he was very emotional for the kind of his employees. They went out of their job description and they saved a Lot of people and many of them kept sacrifice their lives just to protect their customers and all. So they lived up to the highest spirits of. Of. Or they stood for the highest spirits which makes human more of a human.
C: And.
A: Yeah. So come on quickly. Anyone, come on. Let us enter into the merits of corporate communication. Anyone, Come on. The floor is open. As I'm saying there is no answer. If you have difficulty speaking in English you can speak in Hindi also. I have no problem. You can speak in Marathi also. I have no problem. But you have to speak up. Your point. Because all have some sort of experience. We are reading newspapers, we are on social media and. And we know what corporate communication is. Come on. Yes, let us talk about merits of corporate communication. Yes, go ahead. Let us go to. Raise your hand please. Yes. Trina, over to you. Over to you.
E: As for. Am I audible?
A: Go ahead Krina, go ahead. Then we'll come to Saloni also.
C: For.
E: Pros and benefits of corporate communication. Within the in with internal aspect of it there's a clean transparency between the employers and the employees as there's communication between them. And it also helps in having an efficient flow. And everyone is aware of what is going on in the company. So everyone is in the loop. As for externals it helps the customers to know what they are planning. What new things they are bringing up for the customers. And new innovative ideas. And also with the feedback so they can improve in their already. Already things that are in the company.
A: Okay. Okay. Okay. So anybody else would like to pass? Salon is there. Saloni has raised the hand. Guys, 18 people are there in class. I want others also to raise up their hands. Why don't you switch on your camera. Let's follow the rules of the game. Let's go to Salon. Salon over to you. Then we'll come to Bhakti also.
C: Yes.
A: And I'm going to record. See I'm going to. Actually this. This video is recorded. I'm going to upload it also. Come on. Yes. Let's go to Saloni.
E: Yes sir.
G: In a corporate communication we set up a goal and if we concentrate on it then there will be increase in production and everything would be better. As Kriena said there would be transparency in a similar way. I will say if there is complete transparency then then productivity will be more and more and more people would be interested in the product.
C: Maybe.
A: Touching the economic aspects of the economic benefits of corporate communication. See, you all know that there is something called as top line and bottom line. When I say top line this is sales. When I say bottom line, this is profit. Now when you prepare vertical revenue statement or vertical profit and loss account, you start with sales. So sales is the top line. And finally at the end you get the net profit. So net profit is the bottom line if you follow the vertical vertical revenue statement. So Saloni was talking about that if a company follows a systematic corporate communication then it will be able to achieve its economic objectives. Whether it is top line or bottom line, it will be easily able to achieve, able to achieve, achieve those things. So thank you Saloni. She's talking about economic benefits of corporate communication. But other than economic benefits of corporate communication, there are certain other benefits maybe which can bring immediate money to the company also. Or maybe it is also beneficial to the company in the long run. So also talk about what are the other benefits of corporate communication. Come on, quickly. Anyone? Yes, Bhakti. Let's go to Bhakti. Bhakti Poker has raised her hand. Bhakti, over to you. Yes.
F: So sir, I think we are talking about what goes into the like internal corporate communication within the company. While when we focus on the external parts of it, there's a lot of benefits. Like it gives more credibility to the company reliability. There's much more clarity regarding the company within the customers of it. And it kind of helps the company to boosts its morale and also gains profits and like, helps them to grow because there's like credibility. If the company is communicating in a very systematic way, it helps the company to kind of gain the trust of their customers.
A: Okay, so building trust and rapport with customers and that is very important. That is one aspects of corporate communication. So other than economic objectives, other than building trust and rapport, what are the other benefits that you see of corporate communication? Come on, the floor is open to you. You can speak. Go ahead. Yes. Yes. Come on. Yes. I think only 3, 4 people are participating. Bhakti Krina and Saloni Kushi spoke once and Abhishek started. Why? Why other guys are not speaking? See we teachers, we evaluate you. Yes, we definitely evaluate you. And when you participate in class and when you are vocal so that becomes easy for us to evaluate. Yeah, this person is participating so definitely he should get better max get a marks than than those people who are not participating. So simply don't focus on Mass Mark's perspective because marks are equally important and this is how we judge it. But I want everybody to speak up. Also though this, this group discussion is not evaluated today, I'm not evaluating you. But let's say in future if I have to evaluate you. I will definitely have this in mind. That yes, there are certain people who are very vocal. They are adding to lot of dynamism in the class. And. And definitely they will be in a better position to compare to those people who. Who remain mom. So I want everybody to speak up. Come on, come on. Everybody to speak up. First of all, you have violated the rules of today's group discussion. Many of you, except six or seven guys, most of you have switched off your camera, which is not allowed. Don't say that there is a brand with issue and all 4G is sufficient. Where you can, you can manage if at all it is there. I can understand. But not many people have this magnet issue.
C: Issue.
A: Let's go to Siddhi Gote. Then we'll come to next person. Siddhi, over to you. Siddhi, what are the other benefits that you see of corporate communication? Siddhi, over to you.
H: Yeah, sir, I would like to add to Bhakti's point of view in the benefits of external communication like she said. Because is that. I think Salonia also said that there's a transparency between the company and the outside public.
A: So.
H: And their feedbacks and all that. So I. I think the people outside the company, they get to know about the brand. Is brand awareness among them. Like they get educated by it. Because most of the people nowadays like advertising is there. But if corporate communication is more clear, they get to know about the product, they get to know about services. And then there are better services also I think the company will provide.
A: Sidney is talking about corporate communication is about brand building. Let me ask you, how many of you are on LinkedIn? Raise your hand. How many of you on LinkedIn? You have a LinkedIn account? Yes. Are you active on your LinkedIn account? Do you follow some companies, great companies? Do you follow some companies like HUL or for that matter Reliance or Tata or maybe generally Microsoft or maybe Apple incorporations. Do you follow? These companies do follow. There are a lot of NGOs which are good foundations who are doing phenomenal job for a society, for our country. They are on LinkedIn. Do you follow them and see whatever good things they do? They advertise it. They put it. Now take example of this sonusood Sonus who the Bollywood celebrity. He has done a phenomenal job for humanity. When everybody was clueless what to do, what to do. This person came forward and he started helping migrants to reach their houses. And then he started helping others. And finally he has a Sonu Sood foundation which is doing very well for everyone. For Distress for downtrodden. And yes, suddenly he has. He has like he's doing phenomenally though he was a celebrity but he has acquired lot of name by. By doing all this thing. So Solusud is a brand in itself. I was just reading a news and somewhere. Somewhere here and there. Maybe it's a strange news that Sara Ali Khan she contributed some good amount of money to Sonutsu's foundation so that he can continue what he is doing. There are a lot of people who are pouring in money also so. So that he can. He can help lot of people in this times of distress. Okay, so yeah. So brand building. I agree to Salon Siddhi for talking about city. I think Siddhi mentioned about it. Very nice point. She mentioned corporate communication is about brand building. You have. You build a credible brand for yourself. A long lasting brand. Yes, that's why you have to speak. Come on. Anybody else? Other than trust building, brand building, corporate image, corporate identity, other than economic object, achieving economic objectives top line and bottom line. What are the other benefits that you see of corporate communication? Come on quickly over to you. The floor is open. Yes, go ahead. There is no wrong answer. Yes.
F: May I?
A: Go ahead, go ahead, go ahead. Tell your name and go ahead.
G: Sir Saloni and I would like to say if there is proper corporate communication we can actually like deal with the crisis that happened during. Like that. That. That an organization undergoes. Because it is very effective during crisis. One person is aware about the situation but the other is not aware. And there will be much of miscommunication if there is not proper.
A: Okay, okay. So can you illustrate with an example Saloni. Saloni is touching an important aspects and which is one of the core point of corporate communication. That. That there are a lot of crisis which happens in the life of an organization. Crisis happens in our life also in the life of corporations also. So their corporate communication plays a very important role. Can you be anecdotal Saloni or other guys? Can. Can they help Saloni? Can they give one example or one reference where the company as a whole use its corporate communication or entire. Or used it entire PR or PR machinery to. To allay the concerns of masses and saying that is wrong. And we do this all these things quickly. Can anybody.
B: Sir, can I add to it?
A: Yes.
B: Yes, sir. So as she said that if there is some crisis and if the company wants to communicate with. We will talk about the holistic aspect. Because in this crisis we need to communicate with both internal as well as external factors. Right? So what happens that there are a few decisions that the management is taking and the employees get to know about it. Because the. Because there is a set of hierarchy, right. But the external factors maybe are not aware of what is happening. So we can talk about sir, in these corona crisis. So there were few AGMs that were being held, right? So in that AGM they actually tell that what can be the next move or what can be the next vision. So we are all on the same page.
A: So this is one aspect where you. What. But what Aroni was talking about. I appreciate that you mentioned about all these AGMs and boardroom issues. But what the concern is that how corporate communication helps you to manage the crisis which happens in the life of organization. Now take example of British Petroleum. You remember a couple of years back, I think almost a decade now that entire. In the Gulf of Mexico. In the Gulf of Mexico, which is in the Atlanta somewhere near US and this Caribbean island there is that oil rig which is there in that ocean. It got blasted and everywhere there was crude oil and aquatic flora, fauna. Everything was badly affected. Loss of life also to a certain extent. So British Petroleum I think they did a blunder. So they had a very. British Petroleum was an energy. Is an energy giant. But it had a very bad reputation. So ultimately if a company messes up so company comes forward and owns it and it gives compensations and it says sorry. So have you heard about such company where company by mistake if some decisions went wrong. So company publicly stating that oh, this should not have happened. And we are very apologetic and. And they say okay. So even this is a form of. A form of a communication. If you remember that a couple of years back there was a bit big boardroom battle between Cyrus Mystery and the Tata board members. And it brought a lot of bad name for at least not bad name. A bad publicity for. It gave a very bad publicity for Tatas. In fact, they were not anticipating this. Tata is a very good brand in India. It has contributed to the nation building. And suddenly this boardroom battles and boardroom politics came in public and dirty linens were being watched in media. It was very bad. But ultimately there are so many people in country. In fact, everybody knows that Tata is a brand. So maybe some boardroom battle or maybe one issue may not cannot tarnish the image of Tata. We are Their communication comes into picture. Their communications comes comes into picture. The company says that whatever we have done, we have done in the larger interest of our stakeholders. We have done it in the larger interest of our investors.
B: And.
C: And.
A: And we have a. We are fair in our Dealings. So company has to come and communicate. So their PR machinery and entire their pr they take care of all this crisis and they come forward and they give message to. To allay the concerns of most of the people. So that's why corporate communications very becomes very very crucial. Particularly when crisis sets in. So whenever there is a crisis on the company it is very important that you need to communicate. You need to build trust. And that the corporate communication. The major role is seen of. About the corporate communication. Okay, anybody else would like to contribute about corporate communication. The merits of corporate communication. I think most of you are touching some important aspects of. Yes, come on. I would like to tell.
I: Hello.
A: Yes, I think Khushi has raised the rant. Abhishek, just give me a second. I'll come to you. Let me go to Dhui because she hasn't spoken yet. Over to you. Do you. Would you like to contribute and I would be happy. Please switch on your camera.
E: I'm so sorry sir. Actually I've been waiting for. So I decided to keep the camera off. If by chance I can switch it.
J: On in the middle and try that.
E: I was actually on the topic of anecdotal, you know, stories and how so if people remember the story of Cadbury in 2003 they had this problem about insects being found in their home product. And the company actually said. I used to see.
A: Is it for me or is it for everyone?
F: I think it's for everyone. I can't.
E: He isn't audible.
A: Just wait for a second. Your background issues get sorted. You are always welcome to open up. Come on. Kushi Jain, over to you.
D: So there was a recent incident where a footballer.
E: Actually.
D: I guess it was for Coca Cola's. And. Yes, yes, yes, exactly. So actually Coca Cola face a huge loss of 4 billion rupees. Where external communication takes place. Where the spokesperson of Coca Cola actually give a statement that every person have a different need. And so every person have a different need. And basically Coca Cola is a sponsor of a. I guess football matches. And he smartly communicate it like every person have a different need and like.
A: Okay, okay. So Kushiyan is talking something about Coca Cola. I haven't heard about this news. But it's an interesting piece of news that she's sharing. Can anybody build upon that and enlighten.
E: Me.
A: Over to you? Yes.
E: So recently a video went viral of Cristian Ronaldo just setting aside the sponsored Coca Cola bottles and trying to endorse water like drink water instead of soft drinks. So there's after. After that clip went viral. The stocks for Coca Cola company went down drastically but there are some news that they were already going down before the clip went viral. It was still this coincidence that after clip and while it went more down and the I checked on it the Hindustan Times has posted an article it said that Coca Cola has released an official statement stating that everyone has their own drinking preference so it's not necessary for everyone drink Coca Cola or not. So it was their way of managing this.
A: Okay so thank you. Thank you Kushijan. Thank you Prina for building upon your argument and enlightening the whole class. Yes, anybody wants to contribute? Somebody said sir. Yes, go ahead, go ahead.
C: Coca Cola did to welcome.
A: Okay so Abhishek is showing his cell phone so the Coca Cola issue I, I, I I I will definitely search it out so I will definitely look into it. Thank you students for making me know this concept also or this new piece of news also. Okay so now my next question is that how does a corporate communication takes place? Come on let us discuss in this slide how See we have understood the meaning of corporate communication. We have understood what are the merits of corporate communication. Now let us understand that how this corporate communication takes place. Think from company's perspective. See I've been telling you right from the first class that first lecture that the communication that you learn in your learned in your first year it is more of more at the individual level and the communication that you are learning at tybms level is from corporate level. So we are moving from individual level to organizational level. So think from organization. So just out of your own experiences just tell me how companies communicate? How do they communicate each other? Forums Abhishek over to you.
C: Yes, yes sir. So there are basically there is a hierarchy that the senior level management will convey to the middle level and the lower level management to them. It goes like that and sometimes the HR sends the email in sensor dozen of emails to like everyone.
A: So Abhishek you are focused more on the internal aspects of the communication that what you are saying is vertical communication probably downward communication. But I think let us widen our paradigm of corporate communication. Corporate communication is is internal as well as external and the external aspect is equally more important. So let us slightly expand the definition of a corporate communication. I appreciate that you are talking about internal corporate communication but my question is how corporate communication takes place And I appreciate appreciate that at least he's vocal.
B: The only.
A: Boy in class was active rest all other asylum. Yes, come on how corporate communication company does Come on thing I Think in the other class somebody touched a very interesting chord and it really touched him. Come on. Yes, go ahead. How corporate communication takes place? Come on, start one by one. How, how does it take place? Come on. Have you raised your hand?
D: The most recent one is social media like Twitter.
C: And.
A: So it happens to social media accounts. Now most of the companies, they have a social media presence. They have a Twitter handle, they have a LinkedIn account, they have a FB page, they have an Insta page. So there they put up the message. There they put up the message and the message goes to intended party. So social media through social media company can communicate. Secondly, how can a company communicate to the. Whether to internal, whether to external people, how do they communicate? Come on. Other than social media, how do companies communicate this thing?
F: It could be through newspaper article.
A: Advertisements. It could be advertisements in televisions, it could be radio advertisements or. Or it could be advertisement into magazines or. Or it could be taking off sponsorships.
C: With.
A: The sports events or maybe cupboard events. It could be anything, any, any event that happening. Or it could company may. May use sponsorships or they will be a sponsor for a. For a marathon. They put up their. What you call as a way of whatever they want to put up advertisements and all they are part of it. Okay, so companies have a YouTube channel. Now they are, they are, they are communicating through YouTube. Yes, very important website. You see the website of the company, you find maximum information about the company. I would tell you that when this class gets over and whenever you have time just google about, about Tatas or lnts or bothrej Ruya just. Just google it out and see they have given all the information. I was just visiting on the Tata's website because Tata is a company which I like very much. It's a brand in itself which does lot of good for the society. So when I go on the Tata page, you see you. You get each and every information as to who is the CEO of the company, who is the chairman, who is the emeritus chairman, who are the board of directors, the company's vision, mission. Even companies communicate through their vision and vision. You see, vision and vision is the most for. For. For people like us. We may not be interested in vision and vision, but no, a company is there there for its vision. A company is there for its mission. So through vision and mission also companies communicate. You go to any headquarter of the company there itself at the, at the. What you call us, in the. The office itself you'll find the vision and mission of the company. The founders, their photos Their images, even this, this communicate a lot. I was reading about Steve Jobs and Steve Jobs used to communicate through storytelling. So he used to build stories and narrate stories and then used to convince people and. And this is how he used to speak.
I: Yeah.
A: So that was his way of engagement. Vineetna, I must tell you that HCL had a CEO long back and his name was Vineet Nair. He said employees first, customer second. Even this is a communication. Now this is what Abhishek was talking about. That when, when you talk about internal communication you say employees first, customer second. Normally not anybody would say that customers are second and employees are first. But this man who took the courage and he says employees first and customer second. So he has upturned the pyramid. Upturned the pyramid. Yeah. Even that is a corporate communication which comes from the C suit employees. When I say C suit employees these are all top level employees of CEO level, CMD level and board member level. So these are all C suite employees? Yes. Come on. What are the other forums? Other than social media, other than YouTube, other than LinkedIn. How does a company communicate two people?
C: Email.
A: Very good, very good. Anything else? In fact we are talking about communication. Yeah, yeah, go ahead. See most of them have switched off the video. Now you don't follow the rules of the game here at least for one day. You remember throughout the year last year nobody must have switched on the camera. Everybody was listening. All India Radio. Yeah. At least for one day. I'm not telling you every now and then. This is the first day that we are doing a group discussion to keep your spirits high and to give you a classroom feeling. So I want everybody to switch on the camera at least for one day. I will not be telling you to do this for every day. Please understand that this is a very important discussion that we are having and this will help you to keep you in high spirits. And the purpose is also to communicate that we as teachers though we are situated in our home but we are very serious about the academics that we do in class. So that is very, very important. Guys, come on. Come on. Over to you. Yes. How does a corporate. Rohit Patel. Thank you Abhishek. Earlier you were switched on, now you switched off. Why? Why is it so Abhishek? You don't like us or what? You don't want to see our faces? Come on.
C: There was a bit of bandwidth issue. It sorted now.
A: Okay. Okay. What about other guys? Okay Shruti Shah, later. Oh Shruti Shah, come on. A few points from your side. Shruti Sha, over to you. Come on Shruti.
F: So I think email is the main right now besides social media, we get so many emails from companies. If you go to the website there.
H: Is a pop up to give your.
F: Email and they gives us update about the company.
A: Okay, so two emails. Companies communicate. But do you think, see as far as sending of emails to people within the organization is concerned, email has a very good impact. But do you think sending emails to general public will it have an impact? How many of you read what you call as some sort of a mail that you don't know from where it has come or do you even bother to look at it? If the mails are lengthy, long. I get lot of spam mails and sometimes I just put it in spam like okay, so but how many of you read those emails? Emails are very effective when you're communicating to people within the organization. But people, let's say for advertisement purpose, if you're sending email then that is not that effective. This is what lot of digital marketing people and digital marketing guys, they say okay, let me ask a question to you so that you can answer. Let's say if you want to buy something or if you want some information about some company or some brand, what is that you do? What is that you come on hello.
E: About it.
A: And, and this R D happens through Google. So we all are used to Google, we all have smartphones. So whenever we want some piece of information, you just google it out. Let's say you, you want to buy a cell phone, a nice cell phone. So you just google it out. You go to some e commerce website and you do a comparison and, and you find out that which one is the better and, and within your price range and all those features that you're looking for, are you getting it? So you just google it out and you find it for one. So these days like most of the companies are into digital marketing, they have set up a very fine footprints on digital media. So digital media is a powerful medium where companies are communicating and somebody was talking about brand building. I think Bhakti was some other. Somebody else was talking about brand building. So they have understood the power of, of social media, digital media and, and they're making their presence fair. Take example of all political parties now. Political parties, Everybody have a YouTube channel, everybody have a social media page because this is how they are communicating with general public and they are getting votes and they're coming to power. Yeah, this is an interesting aspect. Okay, anybody and anything else that you think of, how does A company communicate. We were talking about corporate logos if you remember there are corporate logos, corporate fonts, digital signatures, even a visiting card. It tells a lot. Yes, I was telling you visiting card. There are so many things that company makes it very unique to itself. Unique to itself. And. And this is how they engage. So there are so many forms. I'm just briefly touching few of the arenas which I could remember but there are so many forms of. Even the advertisement that they put on television. Even that tagline also tells. Tells a lot about company. Yes. So there are so many things of way. And. And yeah. Where companies is speaking, is communicating and it is leaving its what you call as footprints into your psyche that you remember this. Okay so these are the ways by.
D: Which companies even jingle helps to do that.
A: Even.
D: Even jingles.
A: Can you elaborate more please elaborate it for the whole class and for myself. Hello.
F: So she's talking about the advertisement jingles like the songs they use in the advertisement also conveys a lot about the company.
A: Yeah, yeah, yeah, it does, it does, it does. I'm happy that she brought this forward. Come on, speak up. Like some points you may be knowing some points we would be knowing and together or everything comes in class. A better learning will happen. Okay, so now let me ask you few more questions and I think we have only five minutes more. Five minutes more. And will not. I'll not take too much of your time because this is 11 o' clock lecture and most of you may not have your breakfast also but I'm standing between you and your lunch. So tell me like I have shared some piece of notes with you. How many of you have gone through those notes and seen it at least see so many points which I've covered that should there be a Straha, Karina Krina she has seen the same those points. What strategy should company build to to communicate? Abhishek, you want to contribute something you have raise your hand.
C: Just asking about like I went to the note so I was just responding to it.
A: Okay, thank you. So yes.
G: You want to speak regarding this strategy. There was this defining what is the goal of your organization for the corporate communication. That was one of the point.
A: Okay. Okay.
J: Because if we.
G: If we analyze the current situation and we get to know what are the problems over there then we'll focus on those first and then if there are no problems which are being found then we'll directly like plan something for within a year that goal or strategy so that we can implement that.
C: Okay.
A: Okay. So you need to have a corporate strategy. You need to have your PR and your other ways of. Of reaching out to people through powerful communication. That is important. Even the annual reports of the company you see every year company comes out with an annual report. So you see a lot of disclosures. And these annual reports are. Serves as a legal document because whatever company writes if it has a legal ramifications. So it's a very important document where company talks a lot about. About itself. Even websites. I did mention about website. But website is a powerful medium where people go and get all the piece of information about the company on the website. Yes. Okay. You want to contribute my friend. You haven't spoken yet. Rohit, you look very good in this cab. But.
B: Thank you, sir. So sir, I think there are also very indirect ways that the company can. Can communicate with the. With the people out there. So sir, I don't know if many people know this or not. But not only websites, but there are also few websites that shows or that communicates what the other companies want to say or what they are doing. Sir, like we have that Crystal Rating Ikra rating if you know. Right. Yeah. So these are also the ways like they also help to you know push what the corporate wants to communicate and all that.
A: Okay, so you mean to say Crystal Ikra care. They are talking about. That is an interesting aspect where this credit rating agencies they. They give their rankings and on their website they talk about some other company but that is more of their business or that is the service that they write actually.
B: What? Yeah, yeah. Sorry to cut you sir. But but they also somehow you know changes are change our mindset about that particular company because they also, you know, I don't know how but, but, but our views may change of what they are saying because they have their own credit, you know, credibility out there. And if they say anything about Hul, then maybe I will think that if trust Crystal then maybe you know, there might be a point of question like okay, maybe HUL is doing something wrong. Something like that.
A: That is some sort of an endorsement. Endorsement by one form of another firm. Yeah.
B: And.
A: And that is how it works. This Creative trading agencies, they had a. They had a very bad name post this 2008 subprime crisis. And in fact they spoiled in most of the credit rating agencies. Like people started doubting their rankings. They are issuing it despite giving favorable ranking. Companies are getting bankrupt. So people are questioning that. What have you ranked and what have you judged? What have you seen? So yeah, I. I agree that everything works on endorsements. Everything works on endorsements. Can you switch on your camera. Because this is the final comment and it will get recorded. Okay. Why every boy? Sir, I want to tell about. You're also wearing a cap. I want to tell.
I: Yes sir. It takes place to median public relations. Also corporate communications. This refers to the way in which a company or organization communicates with general public including the media. By organizing. Organizing news conferences. Then it writing and it also contribute by writing and distributing press. Monitor the news for mentions of the organizations. And the last devising a plan to address unfavorable press coverage. So in this it takes place.
A: Okay. So thank you Siddharth for this comments. And that is over. First of all, let me thank each one of you. We started with 18 people. Now 16 are there and only seven or eight people. I think 10 people have switched on the camera. So I will be. As I said, I've recorded it. I recorded it. I will be Uploading on YouTube for your future reference. You can go and see. I share it in the group also Microsoft Team group. So thank you so much for. For this lively kind of a discussion where everybody, most of you share your perspectives. I'm grateful to you and be motivated. Even we are pigeonholed in our houses. That doesn't mean that you will not give best to academics and such kind of discussion. As I said that I will keep my class lively and eventful. But I want your participation. If you are not participating. Guys, I. I cannot give my best. I want equal enthusiasm from your side. If you are enthusiastic, I will be doubly enthusiastic. So it happens a two way round, not one way around. It's not a one way traffic. It's a two way traffic. So thank you so much guys. It was nice talking to you all. I've recorded it and I said this is a some sort of a competition between A, B and C. I'll not compare it. But I said no. As far as our class are concerned we should give our best and we should speak nicely. So thank you so much. Thank you so much. You can exit. You can exit. Bye guys.
G: Thank you.
