A: Welcome to TRS clips the channel that we hope is like a brain workout for you. 16 January 2026 Episode Record yeah. Trump Aksar weekends Iran may war Hogi.
B: Up attack US attack on Iran. Kidnapping Kia or Madhuru number two. She is now the president. It takes a long time and the period of that long time period you will have insurgency, you will have resistance or Iran. It will be a very very big task to completely replace the government.
A: Current ruler Khomeini.
B: Khamenei. Yes. The current ruler supreme leader of Iraq. Will come up or something structure replace Karnah.
A: And replace it with what?
B: With the Shah. With the son of the late shah of Iran.
A: Joe 196079 and he was pro West. He was pro west. And Iran.
B: He was very pro west and so on. So obviously propaganda once again. I'm not thinking. Westernization, liberalization, Iran pay and so on. So he did many good things, no question about it. Yeah but he. He oil economy which was a problem. Right?
A: Okay, okay, okay. Geopolitical lens.
B: See, at the end of the day it's all about the resources. Oh yeah. 20% of the proven oil reserves of the world.
A: My Venezuela must administration. But inflation problem is there.
B: So they can't trade with the world.
A: Okay, okay. South American friends. It's the most like chaotic country. Venezuela or Venezuela, Brazil, Colombia. So it's considered Venezuelans.
B: How Venezuela was not aligning with the US So sanction it and destroy the economy. And then you say that Venezuela is doing such a poor job because of socialism. Actually it's sanctions that destroy the economy.
A: We'll move on with history after the following tiny chapter relevant to modern geopolitics. Greenland annexation.
B: Yeah.
A: Openly. Greenland. Sorry. We need it.
B: Yeah.
A: For our own geopolitical security. Security?
B: Yes.
A: North America North East.
B: Mayor Milkul.
A: Right.
B: Northeast.
A: Very strategic location very much at the same time.
B: Patagonia. Yes.
A: Or Wahabi base. America.
B: I'm not sure. Possible. Possible America. So possible.
A: Greenland Annex thought co float Joe. Denmark K leader Try come come try. Vibe spread.
B: Okay. Denmark owns Greenland for whatever reason historical reasons. Denmark defend Karnaki Greenland power vacuum. Okay. Power doesn't like a vacuum. Somebody will move in the trumb. We will just take it. Geographical location both important. Agarap North Pole Say map they Dunyaka. So Greenland is between Russia and North America. Kind of. Kind of Russia Hypothetically. Russians or Chinese involved because they want to take advantage of the resources in the region. Greenland territory. Natural resources. Oil, hay, gas, Rare song. Yeah. So. Or Greenland is part of the western hemisphere. Mostly Or Trump, everything in the western hemisphere is now going to be controlled by us and policed by us.
A: Western hemisphere? Yeah, Western hemisphere, which is the Americas.
B: Pretty much. The Americas pretty much. Right. And Greenland is in the Western hemisphere. So Trump, we will now control Greenland and we can. So he's saying Louisiana purchased 1800s. Will take Greenland. Go along with that.
A: You know, one of the angles of critical thinking should be for especially Gen Z's Gen Alpha US map straight lined border. Okay, cute. That's fine. Then they have the border with Mexico down south randomly. Canada, Which is purchased by Russia, which.
B: Used to be owned by Russia but the Americans purchased it from Russia. Yeah, correct.
A: The other one is Hawaii. Islands in the Pacific.
B: Yes, Joe.
A: Geographically America is a Kafi Durai but geopolitical strategy.
B: Strategy, strategy, imperial strategy. It is the same strategy that Rome had.
A: American leaders, Roman history say inspiration.
B: Imperial strategy, expansion, valuable resources. We can do it, so we will do it. China is nothing compared to the US Nothing compared to the US China capacity, power projection capabilities near like the US or China. It will not dare fight the Americans. Economic warfare, military warfare. China is very, very risk averse on the military front. So China is very different from the U.S. they seek to emulate the U.S. they hero worship the U.S. okay. China hero worships the U.S. even though they will not admit it. U.S. policies globally.
A: Yeah. You know, America has mimicked the Roman civilization to some degree. Patterns or lessons, career, social situations. That's why it's important to read between the lines when you're listening to history conversations. Again, very value adding angle on all of this. Geopolitical tangent. 2026 geopolitical update up. Summarize Kesekaroge Kutch bullet points man.
B: Summarize. The world is about to change drastically. Process maps change. Greenland will become the 51st state of the US possible in the next few months, perhaps warfare and so on. India. So the entire world order reconfigure karak on us or by 30 the world will be a very different place. Rapid geopolitical change is varsh next five years. This is going to be a decade of great change. We are seeing that in action right now.
A: AC on TRS cult viewers. Be it astrophysics, history, geopolitics. Jojo Chise Hamne pichle chaar paats. Geopolitics is a subject decades. We are in year two. It started in 2025. It really began to shift.
B: 2022 perhaps Ukraine.
A: Ukraine was the shift.
B: That was the beginning.
A: Yeah, right.
B: Maybe. Maybe was the beginning.
A: Okay.
B: That was a geopolitical Event. No. If you look at look backwards now. It changed the world.
A: Yeah, yeah. So much to discuss. We are living through a historical period.
B: Very much so.
A: I am 110% sure grandchildren is decade.
B: Historians will study this decade.
A: Why?
B: Because so much is changing.
A: When was the last decade like this?
B: First World War, Second World War.
A: Really?
B: Oh yeah, absolutely.
A: Geopolitically speaking, Second World War, the First.
B: World War, that decade, the 1900s to 1920. That those twenties were maybe 1910 to 1920. Chaos, chaos. 1905 to 1915, 1980, 19. That.
A: Another reason to study history. Patterns repeat themselves.
B: History is cyclical. Cyclical. You see over and over again, same patterns.
A: Stock market. It's important to study history as a tool for your mind.
B: Absolutely.
A: One tiny final note in this whole Geopolitical Conversation Jan. 2026 Episode Record sir is.
B: Decide to start the process of regime change. Possibilities. I would say maybe 50. 50 perhaps. Okay. Because of the way things are going. China, Taiwan. I think possibility. Maybe Africa. Iran is a big big possibility. So maybe Iran is number one possibility. Maybe India Pakistan is the number two possibility.
A: Or Russia Ukraine is Palestine.
B: Israel. Palestine is essentially done. Israel will do what it wants. Russia, Ukraine. I hope it ends this year. But who knows? Maybe it will go on for another five years. Possibility. Russia USA direct war Nihoga. It will be disastrous for the world. So they will calibrate in such a manner. I think possibility here. Ukraine is a flashpoint possibility here. Recently Putin K Residents pay Ukrainian drone attack job. Trump was keeping Putin on the phone because of a longer conversation. Okay, so that is a major escalation. Russia will be tempted. Massive response there. Miscalculation. The Ukraine may nuclear weapons possibility. Even though it's a low possibility. Maybe 5% possibility. India, Pakistan, which obviously we don't want to see happening. Maybe China, Taiwan, that sort of thing. So overall thresholds. I mean possibilities come here, But possibility.
A: In my eyes the only place to do it successfully is either UAE or currently Saudi Arabia.
B: Okay.
A: Opportunities Australia. Maybe all the European countries are actually welcoming Indians. But European countries.
B: Long term.
A: And the other common one is North America, Canada and usa.
B: Yes.
A: What do you think? For Indians living in the U.S. first.
B: Generation Indians it is difficult for them. Indians are stealing American jobs. And American citizens job opportunities. Even though H1B is completely legal. Or both come racist narrative. They are not true Americans. All kinds of nasty things. All those nasty things. Propaganda is a narrative. Indians are not welcome. We don't like Indians. Indians culturally attuned. They worship elephant gods and cows and whatnot. They don't understand this the overall English speaking world may yeah narrative or your fell drive out of the US into Canada into other English speaking nations also and also into Europe western world Indians are less welcome kind of even though low abiding nations so you are obviously protected by the laws but warmth 100% warmth maybe 9592 warmth hogi so they will see some kind of change in.
A: The way things are Trump reelect Hoga arts I think that's that's a great.
B: Question does he technically he can't be reelected according to law that's it after that you can't unless change laws my constitution I'm not sure I think possible but he's in his 80s now how long can a person rule right so I think it's unlikely I'm very curious.
A: To see who the next president will.
B: Be yeah it'll be interesting.
A: Chaotic time. Who knows thank you for watching the clip Dosto. B podcast some upload Karana Sar.
